Intersections in Lubin-Tate Space and bi-quadratic Fundamental Lemmas

5. **Intersections in Lubin-Tate Space and bi-quadratic Fundamental Lemmas**  
   With Ben Howard, accepted in: **The American Journal of Mathematics ** 
   [Arxiv: 2010.07365](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.07365)

ISSN:0002-9327

Accepted: 2023 July 12


[](2010.07365/main.pdf)
[](2010.07365/main.tex)


not enough article citing this paper.


Folder: Dropbox/Biquadratic/AJM-submission
[Referee report](21219-REPORT.pdf)
[Evidence of Submission](Evidence_Of_Submission201007365.pdf)

> This paper generalizes the linear AFL to the biquadratic settings. An historical analogue is the Gross-Zagier formula v.s. Gross-Kohnen-Zagier formula.

> This paper is the first place constructed some fundamental quantity to study the linear AFL. It establishes functional equations, and so on.

> This paper defines double structures, this structure is an p-adic analogue of trignometric functions. is crutial for the study of linear AFL. 


This is the first paper showing the existence of linear AFL in the biquadratic settings.


In collaboration with Ben Howard, our paper titled "Intersections in Lubin-Tate Space and Bi-Quadratic Fundamental Lemmas" (arXiv:2010.07365), accepted by the American Journal of Mathematics, marks a significant first step in generalizing the linear Arithmetic Fundamental Lemma (AFL) to bi-quadratic settings. To facilitate geometrization, we developed a combinatorial interpretation of this fundamental lemma. This involved introducing new operators, denoted as w and z, which are crucial for understanding the intricate structures within this specific fundamental lemma.




